All right. So, in this video, I'm going
to show you how I make interiors for
top- down maps using the map workshop on
Pixel Lab. First, let me quickly show
you the site, the maps tab, and how
everything is laid out. You can see all
your maps here, your tile sets here, and
everything is pretty organized. Now, I'm
going to start a new map and build a
simple wooden floor interior. I'll grab
one of the wooden tile sets and just
start drawing out the shape of the
house. Nothing fancy, just blocking out
the layout. So, we've got our wooden
floor interior. Over here on the left,
you can see we have inpaint map, create
object, and place character. I'm going
to quickly show place character because
this is super useful. You can import any
character you've made in the character
creator and drop them directly into your
map. I'm going to drag in my own
character so we have a size reference
for everything we create. This is really
important. If you don't have a character
in the scene, it's very easy to
accidentally generate furniture that's
way too big or way too small. Now, let's
talk about inpainting. There are two
options here. The default one uses the
flux model and costs one credit per
generation. And then there's the pro
option. The pro option costs more, but
it's much smarter, especially for more
complex prompts and higher quality
generations. For this video, I'll be
using the Pro Tools so you can really
see what it can do. So, let's start by
inpainting a brick wall with nice
windows. I'll draw the inpainting area
up here and prompt brick wall with nice
windows. Generate. And there we go.
Pretty solid. Now, I want the same brick
wall, but with a door. So, I'll draw
another inpainting area. I'll make sure
that part of the previous brick wall is
still inside the canvas so the model has
context. That way it keeps consistency
in the style. Prompt brick wall with a
door.
Nice. Now we have a wall and a door that
match. Now that we have the structure,
let's make some objects. I'll select
create object and choose the area where
I want the object to appear. I'm keeping
the character inside the canvas again
for scale reference. First, I'll use the
default model so you can see the
difference. I'll prompt top- down
front-facing green sofa and click
generate. And as you can see, it's
actually pretty decent. I'll retry one
more just so you can see more of it.
And there you go. Pretty neat. Now, I'll
switch to the pro version with the same
prompt. I'll just hit the pro toggle,
clear the area, and paint again where I
want the sofa.
And as you can see, the quality is
really good. And you can, of course, go
to edit in pixelama if you want to do
any manual edits or even edits with our
tools. Now, let me try a top- down
wooden table. I'll keep using the pro
tool since it is smarter and higher in
quality, but feel free to use the
regular one.
So, here we got a pretty big table. So,
I'm going to try again, but I'm going to
add the word small to the prompt.
And you can see that's much better. Now,
let's keep adding to the map.
I'll prompt floor lamp.
As you can see, the lamp is pretty big.
So, I'll try again.
I'll select the area, draw the
inpainting, and add the word small.
And that's much better and fitting. But
let me try it one more time, but I'm
going to add top down.
And yeah, that's better. Remember, you
can always be much more detailed with
your prompts. I'm giving pretty simple
ones, but you can definitely get
creative. I'm going to do some quick
edits in Pixelarama.
And I'm just going to duplicate and have
a couple lamps in the apartment.
Now, let's keep building. I'll create a
new object and I'll prompt fridge
front-facing top down.
As you can see, sometimes it'll have
some extra stuff we might not want. So,
we can always go to edit in Pixelorama
and fix it.
But I'm going to try another one and
I'll add the word small to the prompt
since that fridge was just too big.
Now, that's what I'm talking about. All
right, moving on. Our little dude needs
a place to sleep, so let's make him a
bed.
I'll prompt a red bed with white
pillows.
Again, too big. So, I'll add small to
the prompt.
And ta. Next up, let's add another
couch. I'll move the character and of
course use create object. Select
paint and prompt a leather single sofa
rotated towards the table east.
Beautiful.
And now, one last tip before I wrap this
up. You can export the map by hitting
the export button on the top right. When
you export it, you get all the objects
and assets you generated, and you can
use that to your advantage. You can grab
those assets, line them up in a specific
canvas size, and use them as style
references. And now you can make even
more assets without having to inpaint
one by one. You can literally just
prompt for different themes, styles,
textures, colors, other assets, etc. So,
let's try it. I'll grab some of the
assets and go to create image from style
reference. And I'll add the frames as
references. And I'll just prompt
furniture for a house. And let's see
what I get.
And look at that. Amazing. And keeping
the same style, of course. Now you can
export them and literally just drag them
into the map and keep working from
there.
And that's basically how I build
interiors using the Pixel Lab Map
Workshop. Start with the layout. Add a
character for scale. Generate walls with
inpaint. Create furniture with create
object. And clean everything up in
Pixelorama when needed. Once you get the
hang of the prompts in the workflow, you
can build interiors really quickly. If
you enjoyed this video or want to see
more tutorials like this, make sure to
like and subscribe. See you in the next
one.